# Real Estate Token Framework

This readme contains detailled information on the different functionalities implemented on top of the ERC1400 standard in order for it to represent the correct real estate token. 

The ERC1400 contract represents a partially fungible token that splits an underlying tangible assets into separate non-fungible fractiosn that can be owned by different account holders. Through the ability to add security relevant documentation aswell as customer KYC/AML information, ERC1400 standards are legally compliant and allowed to represent trading of the underlying asset. Hence, it provides the perfect standard for the tokenization of real estate assets. The standard as is here is based on the [UniversalToken](https://github.com/ConsenSys/UniversalToken) framework by Consensys. 

A detailled description on the deployment and functionalities of the code can be found in the testing section of this repository. This readme will focus on outlining the changes made to the existing implementation to better suit our asset structure. 

1. Correct implementation of ERC1820Registry, ERC1820Client and ERC1820Implementer
   The ERC1820 standard is crucial for the ability to provide updates to the functionality of the asset token contract it requires. In particular, it allows connecting to a registry, which is a separate contract, that is able to stand as a version control system. Together, the three ERC1820 files record each of the versions and which one is the currently active ones on the chain, such that no ownership of an asset can be copied through the deployment of an update. As Consensys did not provide the code beyond its Interface, the different functionalities had to be setup according to our needs. 
   
2. Impmentation of the CertificateSigner contract and integration into ERC1400
   As ERC1400 trades require the attachment of documentation of each address holder in form of KYC/AML proof, functionality had to implemented to support this (not currently provided by ConsenSys). The CertificateSigner contract implements a registry that maps addresses whitelisted for specific Real Estate assets. Only people specified as CertificateSigners can add people to this registry. For any functionality in which a transfer from one address to another is occurring, the modifier isCertifiedSigner checks that the customer has been KYC approved beforehand. Otherwise no transfer can occur. 
   
3. Remove redundant functionalities 
   Several of the existing functionalities, such as the opportunity to redeem tokens and thereby reduce the total supply have been removed from the contract as they were not compatible with the purpose of the assignment. 

4. Allow minting only once
   Specific functionality has been added to ensure that the asset token cannot be issued more than once. For that reason the issue() function was changed from its original implementation
